Good day to all with you crow
and this is the 6th podcast in this podcast again
let's talk about freerunning story online
Well, some of my personal plans for
the next couple of months somehow recently I
thought about what we have in
the result is a game in which players can
practice parkour compete
create clans
but it seemed to me that something was not here
enough up a game of this type can
get interesting for connoisseurs
parkour but we are unlikely to be able to attract
people who have no idea about
tom what it is
Take for example the frank game, say
right she obviously was not popular and not
it will be such that it plays true
connoisseurs of parkour and freen they know about
than this game they understand the elements
and so on and now take for example
assassin's creed this game has become possible
say cult
she knows almost all of this game
absorbed a lot of genres
This is a historical game this game battles
and spies and it also has considerable
Parkour share I understood one thing by one
Parkour will not be full
and if we make a game about parkour and
nothing more we spend time
wasted on discussed this issue with
daimon
and came to the conclusion that we need
rework into the core concept
add a few new genres but
do this so that they are intertwined
between themselves
were closely related we remembered
that many of you love to shoot
thought about some technical
support difficulties
game world namely control 1000
MHz
that is, garage cars and so on
the main solution we now see
make a zombie apocalypse on the island
This of course is trite enough but if
approach this idea with a share
originality you can get great
product is also planned introduction
cold and firearms
although the latter will be very difficult
get parkour will play here
The important role of zombies will be over
abilities that allow them
chase you over the rooftops
so easy you won't leave but not only
zombies will cause use
parkour
players that is a resident of this city
it will be necessary to get food that will
not easy for that they will
use the park will get settled
no hunger games where our
players will need parkour skills
to beat rivals get
Grand Prize
most likely one of the game trailers and
will be her backstory from where
took this zombie apocalypse why
people resorted to parkour on now about
technical part a bit before
time we planned to use
render engine is the same on which
based gta san andreas but he
old enough to forget about him and
create a game on a new engine rather
in total we will use a bunch
free engines
ogre 3d and bullet physics and of course
can not be said about the dates associated with
the release of the trailer of the game for either
it's no secret that we have many times
mistakenly assumed the release date
game trailer this time we won't
make no assumptions because
it turns out so first you ask
release date we are trying you
satisfy we make assumptions on
basis of some abstract data but then
something goes wrong as we conceived and
deadline nothing comes out a
then you take offense at us so I
I repeat no more assumptions
think what you want to guess and how you want
but no dates coming
half a year before according to my preliminary
calculations the game will not work earlier than after
half a year
does not mean that the game will be released in six months
from means that she will come out more than
in half a year but nothing concrete we
while we can not say the development of the game
conducted essentially from scratch and the team we have
small and everyone works for the interests of not
for money
Now I would like to talk a little about
our personal plans while we are with all
teams think over the concept of the game I decided
do other things not related to
I have enough project person
versatile
I can’t do it all the time
I plan to update soon
their mods such as first person view
and m hunt also i would like to release a number
hunting related mods can be made
bow crossbow animals in the forest and on the meadows and
so on will also need to do
studying the work of the engines on which we
we would like to create a game
remove machinima in memory of the dead field
walker
but that's how it goes well, and I think
that this time enough information
Thank you for your attention with you.
was a thief of good luck and see you on yu tuba